[MUSIC]
>> Justin: I'm gonna go through
the answer to makeArray.
There's a lot of high performance ways
of doing that that I'm not gonna,
faster performing ways of doing it
that I'm not gonna really go into.
I'm gonna do the most simple I
think to understand explanation.
I'm just going to create an array,
>> Justin: Let
me scroll this up to the top here.
And I'm gonna use my $.each,
pass it my array like thing.
>> Justin: And I'm gonna get the index or
the property, which I'm just gonna call I.
And I'm gonna get the value.
And I'm just gonna push in,
>> Justin: The value,
>> Justin: And I'm gonna return array.
>> Justin: Stephen asked on
the chat room what happens if this
is an object and
not something that's array like?
Can anybody answer that, what they
think would happen with this code here?
If let's say I had an object
that looked like,
foo, bar, zed, ted?
Okay
>> Speaker 2: It will return an array
of values.
>> Justin: It would return an array
of values, what would be in there?
>> Speaker 2: Bar and ted.
>> Justin: What?
>> Justin: Bar and ted,
yeah exactly right, good job.
So this works even if
someone passes an object,
it'll return an array of all of the values
on the object and none of the properties.
Which might not be what you want but
mostly typically you're using makeArray
with something that's array like.
Any other questions?
Cool, all right, so
>> Justin: Let me make sure my test
is passing that I actually, I'm showing
you guys how to write it right, awesome.
All right, now for $proxy,
last one of these but
a very useful one to understand.